move holt_winters to the experimental functions and rename (#14930)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/querying/functions.md

Similarly, `histogram_stdvar(v instant-vector)` returns the estimated standard
variance of observations in a native histogram.

> ## `exponential_smoothing()`

Reviewer: Let's call it `double_exponential_smoothing` and link to https://www.itl.nist.gov/div898/handbook/pmc/section4/pmc433.htm  in the documentation below?

Author: The link lgtm. Wikipedia would be ok to link to as well imo, but its no significant improvement.

Similarly, `histogram_stdvar(v instant-vector)` returns the estimated standard
variance of observations in a native histogram.

## `double_exponential_smoothing()`

**This function has to be enabled via the [feature flag](../feature_flags.md#experimental-promql-functions) `--enable-feature=promql-experimental-functions`.**

`double_exponential_smoothing(v range-vector, sf scalar, tf scalar)` produces a smoothed value
for time series based on the range in `v`. The lower the smoothing factor `sf`,
the more importance is given to old data. The higher the trend factor `tf`, the
more trends in the data is considered. Both `sf` and `tf` must be between 0 and
1.

> For additional details, refer to 
> https://www.itl.nist.gov/div898/handbook/pmc/section4/pmc433.htm.

Reviewer: Nit: I wouldn't have a literal link in a Markdown document. Let's do it like this:

```suggestion
For details, refer to the [NIST Engineering Statistics Hatndbook](https://www.itl.nist.gov/div898/handbook/pmc/section4/pmc433.htm).
```

It's just occurred to me that it would be helpful to also add a note like this:

This smoothing method is sometimes referred to as “Holt's linear method” or less commonly as “Holt-Winters double exponential smoothing”. The latter is the reason why the `double_exponential_smoothing` function was called `holt_winters` in Prometheus v2, which caused confusion because the name “Holt Winters” is more commonly used for a different smoothing method (“Holt-Winters triple exponential smoothing”).

Author: :+1: 
I added some additional explanation, but tried to keep it a bit shorter. wdyt?
